Jehovah, the Maker of heaven,
By heaven you can’t be contained,
Even less an earthly dwelling place.
But your spirit can here remain.
Adorning this center of worship
Are people who walk in your light.
We rejoice to serve in unity;
Our devotion is your delight.
There is nothing we have
That you haven’t provided.
From your own hand, we’ve given
All that we offer you.
For all you have done, we are grateful;
Our voices in song we now raise.
For you’ve made our hope reality
With this place that will bring you praise.
Jehovah, you knew that we wanted
A place that will bring to you praise
And will serve the needs of worshippers,
Helping others to walk your ways.
And now may this place serve your purpose.
There’s work needing yet to be done,
To pick up the pace and carry on
In the work given by your Son.
So we offer the best
Of our time and possessions.
You alone are deserving—
Giver of all good things.
For all you have done, we are grateful;
Our voices in song we now raise.
For you’ve made our hope reality
With this place that will bring you praise.